give uk prime minister
stated that the country urgently needed a number
laws that would oblige
telecommunications companies keep records
user data
the fact that in April of this year European
the court overturned the existing weight law
which was precisely this was
recognized that he violated human rights
now the british government wants
as soon as possible to take
similar document according to david
cameron telecommunications company
just a few weeks
delete user information
Prime Minister believes that this will lead
to serious consequences for the police and
anti terrorist organizations we
live in a dangerous world and sometimes our
security services required
listen to someone else's telephone conversations
and view email to
expose the terrorists being
prime minister I know examples when
similar actions prevented terrorist attacks
according to the law mobile operator
communication will have throughout the year
save information about who to whom and
when called it means that it is stored
there will be a user message list
websites visited by them and even
information about the places where they went
fixed on applications like
facebook all who even watched
snowden's revelations know what
Britain has powerful bodies
who have a rich vision practice
mass surveillance we even have
program called control over
by internet
but it does not protect us as before
radical moods are growing in addition
it's shadowed disproportionately she
directed against all inhabitants of the country
turning us on suspects
the law is being heard in parliament and
may be adopted in July
but his opponents can console themselves with those
that his actions will automatically expire in
2016 and this means that after two
years these measures
Polina will have to be reconsidered again.
rtl london